[ML] Add ML limitation for ingesting large documents (#2877)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/nlp/ml-nlp-limitations.asciidoc

The following limitations and known problems apply to the {version} release of 
the Elastic {nlp} trained models feature.

> [discrete]
> [[ml-nlp-large-documents-limit-10k-10mb]]
> == Semantic text fields are limited at 10k chunks, limiting ingested document size to under ~10MB
> 
> When using semantic text to ingest documents chunking takes place automatically. The number
> of chunks is limited by the cluster setting index.mapping.nested_objects.limit 
> https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/mapping-settings-limit.html
> which defaults to 10k. This means that documents which are too large will cause errors during 
> ingestion. To avoid this issue, please split your documents into roughly 1MB parts before ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[discrete]
[[ml-nlp-large-documents-limit-10k-10mb]]
== Document size limitations when using `semantic_text` fields

When using semantic text to ingest documents, chunking takes place automatically. The number of chunks is limited by the {ref}/mapping-settings-limit.html[`index.mapping.nested_objects.limit`] cluster setting, which defaults to 10k. Documents that are too large will cause errors during ingestion. To avoid this issue, please split your documents into roughly 1MB parts before ingestion.
```

Reviewer: Tries a concise, clearer title that focuses, while the technical details of the 10k chunk limit and ~10MB size are moved to the explanatory text below. Some minor formatting and grammar fixes.

Author: Thanks Liam!
